hello I am delighted to find you
today to present you a
new hooks lesson she's going
concern the realization of the
horizontal buttonhole so you go
see it's very simple so I realized
here a first rank in flange friends you
could have done it in a completely different
point
so I'm doing three mesh in the air for
turn one two three I tend my
work and I continue in flange
I continue to bridle until
I arrive at the beginning of my buttonhole so
Up to you
the locations provided in your
book for placebo boutonniere so
I will decide that I close
buttonhole in three miles so I
still carries 3 flange and this will be the
beginning of my buttonhole a year first
second breen
and third
so here I decide what is it
so the beginning of my buttonhole that goes
make space so 3 mayans look
obviously it's up to you to look at the
width of your button to evaluate the
number of males in rut manner that
match the buttonhole that you
will therefore fit exactly to the width
of your button so I'm based on
the width of 3 mesh and I'm going
reproduce the three my above which
correspond to the width of the
buttonhole so I'm doing three stitches in
the air 2 3 this is how I realized my three
mesh and now I'm going to make a
flange to close the buttonhole and I
will place it on the 4th badly since
three my in front correspond to the
buttonhole
so I'm doing madrid and here I have
made my buttonhole
so I continue my rank all ambrine
and I will show you how
do to make it after
alain so I finished in good rank you
see the buttonhole appears clearly
people of a 3 mesh in the air for
turn I turn and I continue in
brilliant until I get to
beginning of my buttonhole here I come
so at the beginning of my buttonhole and I
will reproduce in flange so three
mesh in the air three breeze I'm going
make 3 bridle to restore a rank
while bridle above the
buttonhole
I stitch first brick I transplant into
the mesh to second side
brennan and I re ping in third
handle
so the third eye in the air
third city so here I have
reproduced on the rank of the top flange 3
on the three knits in the air that have
so allowed the opening of the
buttonhole and I continue all the time
real until the end of my rank
so I'm almost done
another ruin
so that's how you can
find the buttonhole and realized so
always the principle you start
your first rank in the point that
you chose you start want to
the second row or decide where
where we are going to find a buttonhole
you decide how wide mike he is going
we must leave the number of mesh
in the air to reproduce that is equal to the
width of the buttonhole and then
you continue according to the point you
have chosen is the third rank you
reproduce the total number of mesh
that you had at the forefront is the
your boutonniere efforts but here I
Thank you for your attention for
this lesson so see you soon for a
new hooks lesson together
haberdasher